How to use the App:- 

<<<Right-click on the Launch.bat & Info.properties file and select edit to configure the app for the first time.>>>

1. Self Explanatory keywords/attributes have been used to accept personified details from user in the Info.properties file, please DO NOT CHANGE any
keywords (at the left of '=' sumbol) and give proper inputs only. Otherwise the app won't work correctly. Mainly the "Personal-Info" section is to 
be filled up compulsorily, change the browser name if you don't have chrome browser, give path if opting for opera, others are optional. 

2. If you have JRE 8 as your default one, you don't need to use Launch.bat file, just double click on the TimesheetApp.jar file to use the App or use
Windows Scheduler, if still facing some problem, you may use the Launch.bat file to check the reason.

3. Command to run the app: <Full Absolute path to JRE 1.8 java.exe> -jar TimesheetApp.jar. Instead of java keyword already given, give your java.exe 
absolute path of jre 1.8, if its not the default one in your machine. If using Windows Scheduler, follow its guide given below.

4. All infos should be accurate and case-sensitive. Browser input should be all in lowercase letters only. Absolute path to opera browser is needed
only if chosen. Use following keywords, as they are, to identify supported browsers:
*Google Chrome -> chrome
*Mozilla Firefox -> firefox
*Opera -> opera (Won't close automatically after completion of task, unlike others)
*Microsoft Edge -> edge
*Internet Explorer -> explorer

5. All files should be kept in the same directory with the TimesheetApp.jar file, along with "Drivers" directory.

6. You should have JRE 8+ installed in your machine to use this app, along with updated web browsers.

P.S.: Keep these files in safe place as it would be having your domain password. You may Keep the whole package in some internal drive location, and 
keep the shortcut to the Launch.bat/TimesheetApp.jar (whichever applicable as mentioned earlier in point 1) file on the desktop for ease or rather use 
windows scheduler to have better security and ease.



Windows Scheduler Guide:-
1. Open Task Scheduler from start menu.
2. Select "Create Basic Task" from the right-hand pane.
3. Give Name "Timesheet" and Description is optional. Hit next.
4. Select "Daily". Hit next.
5. Keep the start date today as it is, enter 1:00PM in time field and recur every 1 days. Hit next.
6. Select Start a program. Hit next.
7. Browse to java.exe file of JDK 8 in program/script field and select it. Hit next.
8. In Add aruments field, enter as sample shown(absolute path of the jar file with quotes):
-jar "E:\Timesheet Tool v3\TimesheetApp.jar"
and in Start in field, enter as sample shown(directory absolute path of the jar file without quotes):
E:\Timesheet Tool v3
Hit next.
9. Hit finish to successfully apply it.



After configuration, simply double-click on the Launch.bat/TimesheetApp.jar (whichever applicable as mentioned earlier in point 1) should do the task.
By Abhishek Sarkar (abhisheksa)
#1295
Ping me to suggest or if you have any queries.